Hello youtube.com to your video here
even adtranz here in the background you her
vice summarize the juridical lie and
2013 wise let me one of the best
playstation 3 games because the story
Dare year the characters were more
are fit though many gold and
I do not like it at all
soundtrack has tuned technology
Voted gameplay find many simplistic
That may be true but it was great
offered throughout the game and that's why
rightly one of the best playstation 3
then games is this year
I do not know exactly when
august july i do not remember or anymore
never been so is so let
the playstation 4 seemed remastered
and yesterday on the third 12 2014 is lass
the first game of the year edition
costs amazon incomprehensible 56 euro
there you have to pay 518 fig
at dealers this gets 4 44 eur 95
White Tower gets her the game 4 39
eur 99 so if your saturn near you
have about you rather buy since
So let it be for me as I said
Last year one of the best games
Do not play a friend of digital stuff
as you know that's why I have me too
not downloaded the dsi with elli and
Here he sees it and finally can
I play again here is more than
200 award as best game of the
year also give very ethical 18
released years and I have too
my normal would be because the cardboard was
ok but i would rather have so
shelf had the best game on
Playstation 3 10 out of 10 said Chen
in a celebration in a hostile of
find a broken world
great and elli by hopeless circumstances
we have to face each other
can rely on each other
nameless travel through the ruins of the usa
to survive was the extras are
left behind single player prologue
board territories and offers territories
multiplayer map packs are that
merciless mode and extra
level of difficulty for a player
then history then pass then stands
here a player needs 50 megabytes
cache motivation 720p online 28 games
is that a thing
many like it
But if you are the right one here
has people together and plays in a team
makes that really fun in my eyes
i have also collected a success i
I think I do not know that
which I've played since I've got
but completely played the other one
but it's almost that early
away so coffee things
out so we have the first tisun
Wendecover So I'll find good
do not change anything sammer sorry
George worked here took over the
Guidance believes the dlc is either
on the disc or I do not know it as
dlc thereby as code a guidance the
lineups do not get four games
Smells good also smells good that way
must see for yourself here is
somehow a dlc can be that
so it is ready as could
is erich ribbeck subject
same as I do not know
and now a code on the
back then it's the online passport he is
I need not here must sometimes look
whether the coach will test the same
yes I have no problem with it we
edition to buy again'm glad that
I have and I will do it right away
to lie down
I hope the video table pleased for
your comments direct and joyful
a bit dark, but me
think as the main order yes thank you
me that we see to the next video
about comments and we will really
looking forward
bye for now